A cloud weighs around a million tonnes.
Giraffes are 30 times more likely to get hit by lightning than people.
Identical twins don’t have the same fingerprints.
Earth’s rotation is changing speed.
Your brain is constantly eating itself.
The largest piece of fossilised dinosaur poo discovered is over 30cm long and over two litres in volume.
The Universe's average colour is called 'Cosmic latte'.
Animals can experience time differently from humans.
Water might not be wet.
A chicken once lived for 18 months without a head.
All the world’s bacteria stacked on top of each other would stretch for 10 billion light-years.
Wearing a tie can reduce blood flow to the brain by 7.5 per cent.
The fear of long words is called Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia.
The world’s oldest dog lived to 29.5 years old.
The world’s oldest cat lived to 38 years and three days old.
The Sun makes a sound but we can't hear it.
Mount Everest isn't the tallest mountain on Earth.
Our solar system has a wall. 
Comets smell like rotten eggs. 
Earth’s poles are moving. 
You can actually die laughing.
Chainsaws were first invented for childbirth.
Ants don’t have lungs.
The T.rex likely had feathers.
Football teams wearing red kits play better.
Snails have teeth. 
Sound can be minus decibels.
A horse normally has more than one horsepower.
Your signature could reveal personality traits.
One in 18 people have a third nipple.
Bananas are radioactive.
There’s no such thing as a straight line.
Deaf people are known to use sign language in their sleep.
Finland is the happiest country on Earth.
Hippos can’t swim.
The Moon looks upside down in the Southern Hemisphere.
You can yo-yo in space.
You can be heavily pregnant and not realise.
Bacteria on your skin cause your itches.
Starfish don’t have bodies.
Somebody has been constipated for 45 days.
You travel 2.5 million km a day around the Sun without realising. 
Fish form orderly queues in emergencies.
There are more bacterial cells in your body than human cells. 
LEGO bricks withstand compression better than concrete.
Animals can be allergic to humans. 
A rainbow on Venus is called a glory.
All mammals get goosebumps.
You remember more dreams when you sleep badly.
A lightning bolt is five times hotter than the surface of the Sun.
Allodoxaphobia is the fear of other people's opinions.
The Spice Girls were originally a band called Touch.
The heart of a shrimp is located in its head.
Competitive art used to be an Olympic sport.
Venus is the only planet to spin clockwise.
The first aeroplane flew on December 17, 1903.
Walt Disney currently holds the most Academy Awards.
There's a fruit that tastes like chocolate pudding. 
The actors who voiced Mickey and Minnie mouse got married in real life.
You can hear a blue whale's heartbeat from over 2 miles away. 
The last letter added to the English alphabet was 'J'.
All the clocks in Pulp Fiction are set to 4.20.
You can't hum if you hold your nose. 
The Night's Watch cloaks in Game of Thrones were made from Ikea rugs. 
There are more than 1,000 types of bananas growing in the world.
The Beatles' song 'A Day in the Life’ has a frequency only dogs can hear.
The bamboo plant is the fastest growing woody plant in the world.
Beyoncé is the most awarded artist at the Grammys.
Julius Caesar was stabbed 23 times.
After water, tea is the drink most consumed around the world.